Hello everyone and welcome to the Python full stack of course with a I every section in this core series
is going to begin with a slideshow.
In that slide show we're going to go over a brief overview of what's going to be contained in that section
before we started the course let's do the same for the entire course.
So in our course we're going to have three components to it.
Primarily Front-End Python and data science in front and we're going to cover HVM owl then CSSA then
bootstrap java script and the document object module which is the DOM in there we're also going to be
covering J queery after we take care of the front end.
We're going to start working on Python.
In Python we're going to learn about methods and functions all the typical programming stuff that you've
heard about object oriented programming and decorators.
And finally we're going to approach the data science section one of our bigger projects of the front
end section is the creation of a Web site that's responsive.
So that'll be our front end project.
We're also going to make a game in Python we're going to be doing lots of exercises some advanced some
simple in data science we're actually going to go through a great deal of data science starting from
statistics all the way through deep learning in AI.
There's no real point to going over every lecture right now because there's so many lectures to go through
but we will approach each of these by section.
So every section we're going proceeded with the slide show will give an overview of exactly what's going
to be contained in that section.
This is just giving you an overview of what's contained in the entire course.
Our first sections after this are going to pertain to the installation of software in order to do programming.
So we're going to start with installing Python then Anaconda.
And after that we're going to work on installing all our code editors.
So I will see you in the next lectures.
Thanks everyone.